README.md, before:

Space Radar Electron
====
Space Radar Electron is a disk space visualizer built with [d3.js](d3js.org) and [atom electron](electron.atom.io)

![](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CRi_IYuU8AAhobo.png:large)

Downloads
==
Right now only Mac builds over at the [releases page](https://github.com/zz85/space-radar-electron/releases)


Features
==
- preview visualization as disk is being scanned
- cross platform (in theory, right now tested on Mac OSX)
- allow drilldown of directories
- breadcrumbs navigation

Future Enhancements
==
- select target for scanning
- color by file types
- filter hidden files
- moar!!
- let me know what you think

Whats New
==

version 3.0.0
- Disk scanning is now move to a webview process
- Investigate various RPC methods now uses LocalStorage - FileSystem IPC message passing
- Reduce memory usage (and Electron crashes) by not caching key paths
- Tested on > 100GB & 2M files
- Improvements to user interactivity esp on hover states

version 2.0.0
- Major speed up scanning directories. About 10x from version 1, and almost as fast or faster than du.
- Runs disk scanning as a separate headless renderer process
- Json is passed back via IPC
- Remove Async npm dependency

Issues
==
Please raise on [github issue tracker](https://github.com/zz85/space-radar-electron/issues) or contact [@blurspline on twitter](http://twitter.com/blurspline)

Development
==

Run

```
electron .
```

or

```
npm run app
```

Check that you have depdencies installed, otherwise run (this may take awhile for electron binaries)

```
npm install
```

Commit message:

Perf: attempt cleanup before fs IPC
To prevent renderer process from hitting heap mem limit (1.5GB),
all previous data is nulled, and dom elements removed
to reduce memory pressure. Other ways to prevent this would be to
edit / stream memory updates in place, or used typed arrays
with proxy objects...

README.md, after:

Space Radar Electron
====
Space Radar Electron is a disk space visualizer built with [d3.js](d3js.org) and [atom electron](electron.atom.io)

![](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CRi_IYuU8AAhobo.png:large)

Downloads
==
Right now only Mac builds over at the [releases page](https://github.com/zz85/space-radar-electron/releases)


Features
==
- preview visualization as disk is being scanned
- cross platform (in theory, right now tested on Mac OSX)
- allow drilldown of directories
- breadcrumbs navigation

Future Enhancements
==
- select target for scanning
- color by file types
- filter hidden files
- moar!!
- let me know what you think

Whats New
==

version 3.0.0
- Disk scanning is now move to a webview process
- Investigate various RPC methods now uses LocalStorage - FileSystem IPC message passing
- Reduce memory usage (and Electron crashes) by not caching key paths
- Tested on > 100GB & 2M files
- Improvements to user interactivity esp on hover states
- To prevent renderer process from hitting heap mem limit (1.5GB), all previous data is null, and dom elements removed to reduce memory pressure

version 2.0.0
- Major speed up scanning directories. About 10x from version 1, and almost as fast or faster than du.
- Runs disk scanning as a separate headless renderer process
- Json is passed back via IPC
- Remove Async npm dependency

Issues
==
Please raise on [github issue tracker](https://github.com/zz85/space-radar-electron/issues) or contact [@blurspline on twitter](http://twitter.com/blurspline)

Development
==

Run

```
electron .
```

or

```
npm run app
```

Check that you have depdencies installed, otherwise run (this may take awhile for electron binaries)

```
npm install
```
